END-USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

The Radiance Source Code (hereinafter referred to as the Software) is made
publically available free of charge by Project Luminance, copyright and patent
pending owner (hereinafter referred to as the Licensor or Original Licensor) to 
anyone who wishes to use and/or share or distribute and/or change or modify it 
(hereinafter referred to as either the Licensee and/or End-User) FOR NONCOMMERCIAL 
PURPOSES ONLY under the following terms and conditions (hereinafter referred to as
the "License"):

Section 1.  You may copy and distribute verbatim copies of the Software's
source code as you receive it, in any medium, provided that you conspicuously
and appropriately publish on each copy an appropriate copyright notice and
disclaimer of warranty; keep intact all the notices that refer to this License
and to the absence of any warranty; and give any other recipients of the
Software a copy of this License along with the Software.

Section 2:  You may modify or change your copy or copies of the Software or
any portion of it, thus forming a work based on the Software, and copy and
distribute such modifications or work under the terms of Section 1 above,
provided that you also meet all of these conditions:

    2.1:  You must cause the modified files to carry prominent notices stating
that you changed the files and the date of any change.

    2.2:  You must cause any work that you distribute or publish, that in
whole or in part contains or is derived from the Software or any part thereof,
to be licensed as a whole at no charge to all third parties under the terms of
this License.

Section 3:  You may copy and distribute the Software (or a work based on it,
under the terms of Section 2) in object code or executable form under the
terms of Sections 1 and 2 above provided that you also do one of the
following:

    3.1:  Accompany it with the complete corresponding machine-readable source
code, which must be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and 2 above on 
a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,

    3.2:  Accompany it with a written offer, valid for at least one year, to
give any third party, for a charge no more than your cost of physically 
performing source distribution, a complete machine-readable copy of the
corresponding source code, to be distributed under the terms of Sections 1 and
2 above on a medium customarily used for software interchange; or,

    3.3:  Accompany it with the information you received as to the offer to
distribute corresponding source code.  (This alternative is allowed only for 
noncommercial distribution and only if you received the Software in object
code or executable form with such an offer, in accord with Subsection 3.2
above.)

Section 4:  You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Software
except as expressly provided under this License.  Any attempt otherwise to
copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Software is void, and will
automatically terminate your rights under this License.  Parties who have
received copies, or rights, from you under this License, however, will not
have their licenses terminated so long as such parties remain in full
compliance with the terms and conditions of this License.

Section 5: This License and nothing else grants you permission to use, modify
and/or distribute the Software or its derivative works and only in accordance
with the terms and conditions of this License.  Otherwise, use, modification
and/or distribution of this Software is prohibited by international laws and
treaties as regards intellectual property.  Therefore, by using, modifying
and/or distributing the Software (or any work based on the Software), you
indicate your acceptance of this License to do so, and all its terms and
conditions for copying, distributing or modifying the software or works based
on it.

Section 6:  Each time you redistribute the Software (or any work based on the
Software), the recipient automatically receives a license from the Original
Licensor to copy, distribute and/or modify the Software subject to these terms
and conditions.  You may not impose any further restrictions on the
recipients' exercise of the rights granted herein. You are not responsible for
enforcing compliance by third parties to this License.

Section 7:  NO WARRANTY

    7.1:  BECAUSE THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED FREE OF CHARGE, THERE IS NO
WARRANTY FOR THE SOFTWARE, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW.  EXCEPT
WHEN OTHERWISE STATED IN WRITING THE COPYRIGHT/PATENT HOLDERS AND/OR OTHER
PARTIES PROVIDE THE SOFTWARE "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO
THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE SOFTWARE IS WITH YOU.  SHOULD THE PROGRAM
PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING, REPAIR OR
CORRECTION.


    7.2:. IN NO EVENT UNLESS REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW OR AGREED TO IN
WRITING WILL ANY COPYRIGHT/PATENT HOLDER, OR ANY OTHER PARTY WHO MAY MODIFY
AND/OR REDISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR
DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED
BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER
SOFTWARE), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Section 8:  If, as a consequence of a court judgment or allegation of patent
infringement or for any other reason (not limited to patent issues),
conditions are imposed on you (whether by court order, agreement or otherwise)
that contradict the conditions of this License, they do not excuse you from
the conditions of this License.  If you cannot distribute so as to satisfy
simultaneously your obligations under this License and any other pertinent
obligations, then as a consequence you may not distribute the Software at all.
For example, if a patent license would not permit royalty-free redistribution
of the Software by all those who receive copies directly or indirectly through
you, then the only way you could satisfy both it and this License would be to
refrain entirely from distribution of the Software.

Section 9:  If any portion or section of this License is held invalid or
unenforceable under any particular circumstance, the balance of this License
and pertinent section is intended to apply and the section as a whole is
intended to apply in other circumstances.

Section 10:  Each version of the Software is given a distinguishing version
number.  If the Software specifies a version number of this License which
applies to it and "any later version", you have the option of following the
terms and conditions either of that version or of any later version.  If the
Software does not specify a version number of this License, you may choose any
version ever published by the Licensor.

Section 11:  This Software is distributed pursuant to the terms and conditions
of this License and is distributed free of charge FOR NONCOMMERCIAL PURPOSES
ONLY.  THE USE, DISTRIBUTION AND/OR MODIFICATION OF THIS SOFTWARE FOR
COMMERCIAL PURPOSES IS EXPRESSLY PROHIBITED BY INTERNATIONAL LAWS AND TREATIES
AS REGARDS INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY.

